Add test for sending instance update config via load API (#5937)
triton-inference-server/server: docs/user_guide/model_management.md

[Model Control Mode EXPLICIT](#model-control-mode-explicit) or change to the
'config.pbtxt' is detected under
[Model Control Mode POLL](#model-control-mode-poll).
  * The new model configuration may also be passed to Triton via the
[load API](../protocol/extension_model_repository.md#load).
  * Some text editors create a swap file in the model directory when the

> 'config.pbtxt' is modified in place. The swap file is not part of the model
> configuration which its presence in the model directory may cause the model to
> reload when an update is expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'config.pbtxt' is modified in place. The swap file is not part of the model
configuration, so its presence in the model directory may be detected as a new file
and cause the model to reload when only an update is expected.
```
